Navigating ambiguity and sensitivity, giving feedback is like tailoring, an
outfit, you need to adapt the style to fit the cultural context Challenge and
solution when yes, isn't yes? The challenge In some cultures saying, no
directly can cause someone to lose face. So, yes, might actually mean. I hear
you not. I agree. And will do it. The fix, don't guess, ask for
details. Commitments use Simple direct language to ask about timelines and
specific actions example instead of can you do this? Try what are the first
three steps you'll take and by when build your feedback flow action steps, how
do you give feedback effectively in different cultures? One respect hierarchy
in cultures with strong hierarchies, give private feedback, think a quiet
one-on-one conversation, not a public announcement, 2 balance the sandwich
method for sensitive cultures, use the sandwich method start with Something
positive then give your suggestion and end with another positive example. Great
job on X consider. Why, and keep up the good work on Z3 team
impact. In cultures that value the group frames success around team impact
example, your contribution helped, the whole team, achieve the school mental
role. Play, you need to give critical feedback to a team member in a
high Authority culture. How would you phrase it to be respectful and effective?